---
title: "2021-01-15"
date: "2021-01-15"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
featured: true
tags:
- EWS
---
# 2021-01-15
## [[Review Vocabulary]]
* [ ]
* [ ]

## [[New Vocabulary]]
* [ ] Converesely=  adv.Intorduce reverse idea from last statement.
* [ ] Decorum= n.behaviour in keeping with good taste and propriety/sopan santun.
* [ ] Evoke= v.bring or recall
* [ ] sense of wit=clever or funny remark
* [ ] eerie= adj. strange or frightening

## Introduction to Practicing Writing
- Read for skim
- Explain a new word
- Read once more
- Catch the context
- Write as remember
- Check
- Revise while snap
- Check and move

## Writing Style

Style is contextual, meaning that it is determined by the media, the author's aim, and the intended audience.
Using casual language when writing professional language it will seems

Using casual language in professional writing it will give an impression to audience that they do not take the work seriuously or they just do not have an adequate vocabulary (which could affect their ethos or their credibility).

Conversely, a social media post from prominent public figure may demand a certain level of decorum and seriousness.

When taking context into account, a writer should not be restrain by what and how they write, but also what and how audience get from the text.

When taking context into account, a writer need to consider not only what they would like to say and how, but also what their audience needs and wants to get form the text.

Style allows writers to create a mood or envoke in reader. Mood refers to writer's athmosphere, and can be influenced by the writers atittude, or their tone.

For example Edgar Allen Poe's stories and poetries often have a somber and eerie mood, **whereas** Jane Austen's novels display her sense of wit.

Mood or toon work together to help create pathos, or emotions.
