---
title: "Task 2022-07-24"
date: "2022-07-24"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
Some people believe that developments in the field of artificial intelligence will have a positive impact on our lives in the near future. Others, by contrast, are worried that we are not prepared for a world in which computers are more intelligent than humans.

Discuss both of these views and give your own opinion.

<details><summary>Plan</summary>
Topic: concerns about artificial intelligence
Short term: unemployment, workers replaced by machines
Example: self-driving vehicles will replace many driving jobs
Medium term: people become deskilled, lose their sense of purpose
Long term: computers may begin to make their own decisions
</details>

On the one hand, **the ramp up** of intelegent of techonology has benefit some people. **A whopping** cash been throwing for the development of intelegence in cars, surgical procedures and many more. In the cars sector, the money have been invested on the automation programs. Our family the days can go anywhere driveless. While in medical sector, the development is focusing on the job that need precession...

Despite all the advantage of this technology, one should pay attention to the side effect.\ Although a whopping advantages can be drawn from this kind of technology. A number of concern also should be given an extra attention. One of the most concern is the increasing of unemployment. For example, in develop country, self-driving cars have been sold in large number. This trend is causing the owner of cars largely depend on its technology rather than hire the driver.\ This trend is causing the owners of the cars who want to be driven largely depen on its technology rather than hire the driver. As a result, most of driver will lose their job. The other concern is the longer people only depen on the technology the less trained people would become. The concequence of that could lose people's sense of purpose.


# Story with New Vocabulary
I though the were privileged and a bit of a waste of space. \ The royal family as a whole, I really went of. A few years ago I think I would have described myself as a republican. \ It is very old fashined, and staid, and traditional and hidebound.\ Traditional and a bit stuffy, and a bit worthy.\ Church of England sermon are quite reserved, stiff upper lip, solemn.

# Vocabulary review
* Waste of space
* the more .. the more..
* I would've described myself as
* Staid
* Hidebound
* Stuffy
* Reserved
* Stiff upper lip
* Solemn
* Composed

<!-- This mainly focusing on your writing. It helps you to avoid turning page repeteadly and review everytime. Type everything from the notebook then reparaphrase back in the notebook, include language, grammar and vocabulary study!! If you do not use it, you'll lose it. Change dir by type :cd diary for save as :w filename.md the file for speaking tasks -->
