---
title: "Model answer mu"
date: "2022-08-24"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
<details><summary>plan</summary>
Topic: benefits of learning an instrument<br>
Main benefit: the joy of creating music<br>
Extend: even more enjoyment when playing music together<br>
Second benefit: practice requires discipline and patience<br>
Example: daily piano practice<br>

Topic: make learning an instrument compulsory in schools<br>
Explain when: primary school age, children are most receptive<br>
Explain how: government funding, an instrument for every child<br>
Examples: keyboards, guitars, woodwind, percussion<br>
Result: children choose and receive weekly tuition<br>
</details>

## Some educationalist say that every child should be taught how to play a musical instrument. To what extent do you agree or disagree?


<span style="background-color:#FFF000">Many people believe that all children should be given the opportunity to learn a musical instrument.</span> I completely agree with this idea, for a variety of reasons.

<span style="background-color:#39FF14">The ability to play music brings many benefits that all children should experience.</span> **The main benefit**, in my opinion, is the joy that comes from creating musical sounds, melodies, rhythms and songs on an instrument. Such enjoyment can be even more intense when people play music together in a band, or perhaps even in a full orchestra. **A second key reason** to learn a musical instrument is that habitual practice requires discipline and patience, both of which are useful life skills. Daily piano practice, **for example**, could include repetition of musical phrases and gradual mastery of a full song or piece of music.

<span style="background-color:#39FF14">It would be easy to make learning an instrument compulsory in schools, in the same way that maths and science are.</span> **I believe that** this should be done at primary school age, when children are most receptive to learning new skills. <span style="background-color:#FFF000">With a relatively small amount of funding</span>, *governments could help* schools to buy a musical instrument for every child. **For example**, *they could invest* in a set of electronic keyboards, some inexpensive guitars, and perhaps some woodwind and percussion instruments. Children could then choose an instrument and receive a certain amount of scheduled tuition each week.

**In conclusion**, **I would like** all children to enjoy being able to play a musical instrument, **and I believe that** this is an achievable goal for schools to have.

# More story, more vocabulary
# Speaking query
# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:

* **be given an opportunity** to do something
* creating musical sounds, melodies, rhythms and songs on an instrument
* more **intense**
* in a full **orchestra**
* **habitual practice** requires discipline and patience
* gradual mastery
* a full song
* piece of music
* It would be relatively easy
* learning new skills
* With a relatively small amount of funding
* could invest in a set of electronic keyboards
* some **woodwind** and percussion instruments
* receive a certain amount of **scheduled tuition**
* =
* repetition of **musical phrases**
* **gradual mastery of** a full song/ a piece of music
* be receptive/open to doing something
