---
title: "Task 2022-08-15"
date: "2022-08-15"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
In the other hand, concern was drawn by some people./ In the other hand, in spite of all positive impact, artificial technology also have some concern that one should pay attention to. As a consequence of the involvement of technology on accomplish human tasks. The result are now depending on machine, not human anymore. For example, the machine which turn the car into self-driving cars are really ace. People from the bronze age must have been amaze by that.

As a consequence, workers are being replaced by machine. Unexpectedly, the jobs that has workers being replaced have been increased lately.



# Story with New Vocabulary
Croatia teams must have been knackered. Many digital jobs today knacker people quickly. <br>
Croatian man have been made of tough stuff. <br>
Croatian man were made of tough stuff. <br>
As a consequence, workers are being replaced by machine. Unexpectedly, the higher level machine is, / the more people are getting replaced by machine./ the more people are shifted to machines. From other views, people who become unemployment will deprive their skill and knowledge. After that, they may lose sense of purpose. Although it will only affect personally, I believe it would have detrimental effects in the long run.

# Vocabulary review
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* must have been knackered
* tough stuff
* old news
