---
title: "Task 2022-07-22"
date: "2022-07-22"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
Some people believe that developments in the field of artificial intelligence will have a positive impact on our lives in the near future. Others, by contrast, are worried that we are not prepared for a world in which computers are more intelligent than humans.

Discuss both of these views and give your own opinion.

P1 On the one hand, the growing artficial technology have been implemented all around the world and some of people have already experience its usefulness. Even today, people depend on machine for making daily tasks easier than ever before. For instance, cars have been modified for automation driving. One of the pioner in this 20th century is Tesla. It has invented some technologies such as cameras that can detect the surround objects and move the cars based on calculation recieve from cameras. Many of surgical procedures have used tools that can help doctors to achive or process unreachable procedure from surgery.

Topic: concerns about artificial intelligence
Short term: unemployment, workers replaced by machines
Example: self-driving vehicles will replace many driving jobs
Medium term: people become deskilled, lose their sense of purpose
Long term: computers may begin to make their own decisions

# Story with New Vocabulary
Not yet written

# Vocabulary review
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases yesterday:
* dishearthen
* imperceptibly
* snuggle
* negate
* to downplay
* putting downer in their joy
* to downplay
* an etiquette minefield
* a duvet
* jump into
* dive in
* try to do it/try to climb mt everest
* try doing it/try cutting carbs
* the future impact of
* the two opposing points of view
* fascinated and apprehensive
* require high levels of accuracy
* calculations using large amounts of data
* carry out surgical procedures
* with greater precision than
* use sensors and cameras to drive themselves
* reducing the likelihood of human errors
* steadily improve our quality of life
* I share the concerns
* in the short / medium / long term
* it is likely that
* a rise in unemployement
* workers in various industries are replaced
* self-driving vehicles
* cause redundancies
* become deskilled
* lose their sense of purpose
* human oversight
* without regard for our well-being
* the potential risks should not be ignored

<!-- This mainly focusing on your writing. It helps you avoid turning page repeteadly and review everytime. Type everything from the notebook then reparaphrase back in the notebook, include language, grammar and vocabulary study -->
