---
title: "Task 2022-09-20"
date: "2022-09-20"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
> Some educationlist say that every child should be taught how to play a musical instrument. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

<details><summary>plan</summary>
Topic: benefits of learning an instrument<br>
Main benefit: the joy of creating music<br>
Extend: even more enjoyment when playing music together<br>
Second benefit: practice requires discipline and patience<br>
Example: daily piano practice<br>

Topic: make learning an instrument compulsory in schools<br>
Explain when: primary school age, children are most receptive<br>
Explain how: government funding, an instrument for every child<br>
Examples: keyboards, guitars, woodwind, percussion<br>
Result: children choose and receive weekly tuition<br>
</details>

# More story, more vocabulary
*No entry*

# Speaking query
<details><summary>What do you like to do in your free time?</summary>
I do quite a lot of sport actually. I play football mostly - on Wednesday nights and Sunday afternoon with a local team. I also play tennis and squash when I can but I don't really get the time to do them as well every week. I work quite hard at the moment, so I don't get a lot of free time unfortunately.
</details>

<details><summary>Have your leisure activities changed since you were a child?</summary>
Not a great deal actually. I used to love playing football when I was young as well - I played a lot at school. Though of course I did all the other things kids loved to do such as going out on bike rides after school and things.
</details>

<details><summary>Do you prefer to spend your free time alone or with other people?</summary>
It depends on my mood really. I think most people need some time on their own. Sometimes my work is quite stressful and I spend a lot of time there with others, so it's good to just get home and relax and read a book or something. But I get bored if I am alone too much so I like to go out and meet friends in the evening or play football.
</details>
# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* hideboud
* staid
* worthy
* lad
* discrepancy
* disparity
* innete
* inborn
* a second key reason
* compulsory
* a small amount of tuition / a small number of countable n.
* the ability to learn .. bring some benefits.
