---
title: "Task 2022-08-02"
date: "2022-08-02"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
<span style="background-color:#FFF000">It is that people are divided by two opposing views either supportive or worried about the improving intelligence of technology.</span> Apparently, those states are understandable. <span style="background-color:#39FF14">Personally, i am both keen on its development and went of the negative impact that it can bring.</span>

Arguably, technology can bring a lot of advantages for human lives. Through machines, jobs can be done automatically, effeciently/efficiently, even quickly than  human can do in daily basis. This trend is popular in car world. One of the example is cars that driveless/driveless. For example, in today's cars, the production of driveless cars ramp up. This trend indicate more people are waiting for the shift between the car that need someone behind the wheel and that drive automatically. The surgical procedure also have effectiveness increase by using robot that can carry a detail or precise procedures. The involvement of technology in these two sector bring some key advantages such as safety and precession/precision. From these key point will somehow improve people's quality of lifes/lives.

# Story with New Vocabulary
# Vocabulary review
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* hidebound
* worthy
* traditional
* stuffy
* hushed and reverent
* solemn
* reserved
* soberly
* animated
* vague, ambiguous and weird
* incoherent

* i really went off
* stiff upper lip
* a bit hushed and reverent
* sentiments
* he appeared to be improvising

[reference](https://uliahid.com/S2022-07-22/)
