---
title: "Task 2022-08-29"
date: "2022-08-29"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
<span style="background-color:#39FF14">Musical instruments clearly bring some benefit to children.</span> The main benefit is joy that comes from playing instrument. The enjoyment can even get more intense if they play it in a band or perhaps in a full orchestra. <span style="background-color:#FFF000">The second key is that learning play music requires habitual practice. </span> The second key to learning music is habitual practice requires dicipline/discipline and patience. For example, playing piano instrument include **musical phrase repitition/repitition** and a full song **gradual mastery**.

It is sophisticated to include learning music instrument as **compulsory** subject in the school. This can be very impactfull/impactful when it is taught since primary school, when **the children are most receptive to learning new skills**. Government can take a part by contributing suffeciently/sufficiently to buy a <span style="background-color:#FFF000">set of full instrument , guitar, percussion and perhaps woodwind.</span> Then, children can choose and recieve/receive a certain amount of scheduled tuition.

In conculsion/conclusion, althought/although not every child will be a professional instrument musician, learning instrument would boost the key life skill to be used in the future. Furthermore, it is essential to gain support from every stakeholders who have responsibilities and cares towards our future generation.

# More story, more vocabulary
Give a reason: Many people dislike their jobs.

---

He has been following us for 3 days.
He loves and hates the ring as much as he loves and hates himself.
He will never rid of his need of the rings.
Smeagol was once called him.

# Speaking query
<details><summary>What do you like to do in your free time?</summary>
I do quite a lot of sport actually. I play football mostly - on Wednesday nights and Sunday afternoon with a local team. I also play tennis and squash when I can but I don't really get the time to do them as well every week. I work quite hard at the moment, so I don't get a lot of free time unfortunately.
</details>

<details><summary>Have your leisure activities changed since you were a child?</summary>
Not a great deal actually. I used to love playing football when I was young as well - I played a lot at school. Though of course I did all the other things kids loved to do such as going out on bike rides after school and things.
</details>

<details><summary>Do you prefer to spend your free time alone or with other people?</summary>
It depends on my mood really. I think most people need some time on their own. Sometimes my work is quite stressful and I spend a lot of time there with others, so it's good to just get home and relax and read a book or something. But I get bored if I am alone too much so I like to go out and meet friends in the evening or play football.
</details>


# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* I wish I could ...
* I wish you would ..
* I wish you had (past participle)
* I have been **gutted**
* It would have been yesterday
* calf muscle
* sharp pain
* narrowly missed out on *winning*
* in the lead up to *the marathon*
* abomination
* get to do
* calf muscle pop
* hobbling along
* a 90-minute run
* calf strain
* kept needing
* light-headed
* a real boost
* astonishing
* dressed as
* sore
* like rain **battered** (batter) the car
* the horses **trotted** (trot) slowly through the night

<details><summary>play a game</summary>
1. I narrowly m____ o__ on.
2. In the I___ u__to the marathon.
3. Spagheti bolognese is like an a___
4. This w___ h___ b___ Wednesday afternoon.
5. I thought ''this is brilliant because I g___ t__ d__ a bit of sightseeing too.
6. As I come down to meet him, I felt my calf muscle p___.
7. I was h___ along.
8. We did a 90-___ run
9. You most have been g___.
10. How long does a c___ s___ take to heal?
11. For the cycling events you'd be e___
12. It was just a s___ pain but I never felt in trouble.
13. There is no s___ on the course.
14. I k___ needing to stop to go to the toilet.
15. I began to feel a bit l___-h___.
16. That was a real b___ as well.
17. The crowds there were a___, just another amazing.
18. I rant past a guy dressed __ Jesus. There was a guy dressed __ a toilet.
19. He had the pipe, the bit that you f___- the cistern.
20. I was __ . My legs were very __.


</details>
