---
title: "Task 2022-07-26"
date: "2022-07-26"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
[modelanswer](https://uliahid.com/model%20answer%20artificial%20intelligence/)
People seem to be either excited and worried about the future impact of artificial intelligence. Personally, I can **comprehend** those two opposing side; Personally I am both fascinated by developments in artificial intelligence and apprhensive about its possible negative effects.

On the one hand, the ramp up of intelligence of technology has benefit some poeple. A whopping cash has been throwing for the development of intelligence in cars, surgical procedures, and many more. In the car sectors, the money has been invested on the automation programs. Our family these days can go anywhere driveless. While in medical sectors, the development is focusing on the job that need precession and unreachable by human hand...

Despite all the advantage of this technology, one should pay attention to the side effect. Although a whopping advantages can be drawn from this kind of technology. A number of concerns also should be given an extra attention. One of the most concern is the increasing of unemployment. For example, in develop country, self-driving cars have been sold in a large number. This trend is causing the owner of cars who want to be driver largely depend on its technology rather than hire driver. As a result, most of driver will lose their job. The other concern is the longer people depen on the technology the less trained people would become. The concequnce of that could lose people's sense of purpose.


# Story with New Vocabulary
# Vocabulary review
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* the future impact of
* the two opposing points of view
* fascinated and apprehensive
* require high levels of accuracy
* calculations using large amounts of data
* carry out surgical procedures
* with greater precision than
* use sensors and cameras to drive themselves
* reducing the likelihood of human errors
* steadily improve our quality of life
* I share the concerns
* in the short / medium / long term
* it is likely that
* a rise in unemployement
* workers in various industries are replaced
* self-driving vehicles
* cause redundancies
* become deskilled
* lose their sense of purpose
* human oversight
* without regard for our well-being
* the potential risks should not be ignored
* dishearthen
* imperceptibly
* snuggle
* negate
* to downplay
* putting downer in their joy
* to downplay
* an etiquette minefield
* a duvet
* jump into
* dive in
* try to do it/try to climb mt everest
* try doing it/try cutting carbs
* Waste of space
* the more .. the more..
* I would've described myself as
* Staid
* Hidebound
* Stuffy
* Reserved
* Stiff upper lip
* Solemn
* Composed

---
**Instructions!**
1. Do both of these writing tasks with vocabulary review.
2. Do both listening and speaking section or reading section alone the same day as writing.
3. Surf grammar, language, britishluke, ielts materials.
---
