---
title: "Task 2022-07-24"
date: "2022-07-24"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
Some people believe that developments in the field of artificial intelligence will have a positive impact on our lives in the near future. Others, by contrast, are worried that we are not prepared for a world in which computers are more intelligent than humans.

Discuss both of these views and give your own opinion.

<span style="background-color:#FFF00">On the one hand, the growing artficial technology have been implemented all around the world and some of people have already experience its usefulness.</span>
<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">Even today, people depend on machine for making daily tasks easier than ever before.</span> For instance, cars have been modified for automation driving. One of the pioner in this 20th century is Tesla. It has invented some technologies such as cameras that can detect the surround objects and move the cars based on calculation recieve from cameras. Many of surgical procedures have used tools that can help doctors to achive or process unreachable procedure from surgery.

Topic: concerns about artificial intelligence
Short term: unemployment, workers replaced by machines
Example: self-driving vehicles will replace many driving jobs
Medium term: people become deskilled, lose their sense of purpose
Long term: computers may begin to make their own decisions


# Story with New Vocabulary
# Vocabulary review
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases yesterday:
* word

<!-- This mainly focusing on your writing. It helps you to avoid turning page repeteadly and review everytime. Type everything from the notebook then reparaphrase back in the notebook, include language, grammar and vocabulary study!! If you do not use it, you'll lose it. Change dir by type :cd diary for save as :w filename.md the file for speaking tasks -->
