---
title: "Task 2022-09-07"
date: "2022-09-07"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
The ability to play music brings benefits that children should experience. <br>
Playing music has tremendous benefits, therefore people should be taught as early as possible. I believe the best time to learn is in primary school age, when children are most receptive to learning new skills. / The benefit of understanding know-how playing music is the joy that comes from creating musical instrument, for example musical sound, melodies, rhythm, and song on instrument.

Musical pharase repetition and gradual mastery.
<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">Many people support the idea that children should be encourage to learn music. I believe this idea is valid and agreeable, and should be given/ treated with full aid and comprehensive training. I completely agree with this idea, for a variety of reason. </span> People seem to be either excited or worried about ...


> Some educationalist say that every child should be taught how to play a musical instrument. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Many people believe learning musical instrument is necessary for children. In my opinion, I fully agree with this idea for a variety reason. / necessary / necessity. <br>
In conclusion, In epilogue, In sum, To summarize, To sum.<br>
In conclusion, plenty of reason learning musical instrument since children, in fact, will <span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">effect</span>/ affect their future.

Many people believe that all children should be given the opportunity to learn a musical instrument. I completely agree with this idea, for a variety of reason.

The ability to play music brings many benefits that all children should experience. The main benefit, in my opinion, is the joy that comes from creating musical sound, melodies, rhythms, song on instrument. Such enjoyment can even more intense when people play music together in a band, or perhaps in a full orchestra. A second key reason to learn a musical intrument is that habitual practice requires discipline and practice, both of which are useful life skills. Daily piano practice, for example, could include repetition of musical pharase and gradual mastery of full song or piece of music.

It would be easy to make learning an instrument compulsory in schools, in the same way that math and science are. I believe that this should be done at primary school age, when children are most receptive to learning new skills. With a relatively small amount of funding, government could help schools to buy a musical instrument for every child. For example, they could invest in a set of electronic keyboards, some inexpensive guitars, and perhaps some woodwind and percussion instruments. Children could then choose an instruments and receive a certain amount of scheduled tuition each week.<br>
It would be easy to make learning musical instruments compulsory in school, in the way math and science are. I believe this should be done in primary school age, when children are most receptive learning new skills. With a relatively small amount of funding, government could help school to buy electronic keyboards, some inexpensive guitars, and perhaps some woodwind and percussion instruments. Children could then choose an instruments and receive a certain amount of scheduled tuition each week.

In conclusion, I would like all children to enjoy being able to play a musical instrument, and I believe that this is an achievable goal for schoold to have.<br>
It would be easy to make learning musical instrument compulsory in school. I believe it should be done in primary school age, when children are most receptive to learn new skills. With a small amount of fungding, government could help school to buy musical instrument. For examples, electronic keyboards, inexpensive guitars, woodwind and perhaps even percussion intruments. Children could then choose and receive weekly tuition. <br>
Learning musical instrument should bring obvious benefits. The main benefit is joy that comes from creating musical sound, melodies, rhythms, and perhaps song of instruments. Such enjoyments can even more intense when people play together in a band or perhaps even in a full orchestra. A second key reason to learn musical instruments is habitual practice requires discipline and patience. Daily piano practice, for example, include repetition of musical phrase and gradual mastery of songs. <br>
In an epilogue, I believe children should be able to play musical instrument, and playing musical instrument is achievable goal for school to have.<br>
The weather put downer on Donald's picnic. His friend then downplay his picnic. He said with no qualms that his father mus have been gutted. Moreover, he also suffered from calf muscle pain. In the day after, he feel as the butt of the joke. However, he tried the best he can to not come across as a fake. I remember his birthday party that was worthy, staid, and little bit hidebound. His cousin who is litle bit reserve and composed. The party must have been more enjoyable, while I wish that party could not happen. <br>

> Some educationalist say that every child should be taught how to play a musical instrument. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Many people believe that all children should learn musical instruments. I completely agree with this idea, for a variety of reason.

The ability to learn musical instrument bring some benefit that all children should experience. The main benefit is joy that comes from creating musical sound, melodies, rhythms and songs on instrument. Such enjoyment can be enven more intense when people play it together in a band or perhaps in a full orchestra. A second key reason to learn musical instruments is habitual practice requires discipline and patience, both of which are useful key skill. Daily piano practice, for example, could include musical phrase repetition and songs gradual mastery.<br>
It would be easy to make learning musical instruments compulsory in school. I believe instrument should be taught in primary school, when children are most receptive to learning new skills. With a small amount of funding, government can help school to buy a musical instrument for every child. Government could invest in electronic keyboars, inexpensive guitar, woodwind, and perhaps some percussion. Children could then choose an instrument and receive tuition each week.<br>
In conclusion, I would like all children can play instrument as easly as possible and I believe learning musical instrument curriculum is achieveable goal for school to have.


# More story, more vocabulary
# Speaking query
# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* hideboud
* staid
* worthy
* lad
* discrepancy
* disparity
* innete
* inborn
* a second key reason
* compulsory
* a small amount of tuition / a small number of countable n.
* the ability to learn .. bring some benefits.
