---
title: "Task 2022-08-21"
date: "2022-08-21"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
<details><summary>Plan</summary>
Topic : benefit of intelligence technology, machines do job better than human <br>
example : precise surgical, autonomous vehicle <br>
result : safer and more reliable <br>
future : increase wealth  of human being <br>
topic : concern <br>
short : lose jobs especially driving jobs<br>
medium : people become deskilled and lose purpose <br>
long : take over by robot <br>
</details>

<span style="background-color:#FFF000">It is true that people have two different point of view regarding the increasing of intelligence technology.</span> <span style="background-color:#FFCCCB"> While those views can be understood, personally, I am both delighted about the beneficial features of the technology and doubt about uncontrolled development that will have detrimental effects.</span>

After all **come up** feature that have already being used by people all over the world, it is arguably intelligence technology has many benefits for human's purpose. It is all done by machine that seem do better than human. For example, robot have been used to conduct surgical procedures in order to accomplish surgery precisely and faster, and **autonomous** vehicle have grown so fast because of it is driveless, which accomodate the convinient of people. Such technologies, in fact, offer more delligent result to surgical body and safety to cars.

Despite all beneficial features that add more optimistic to this technology, some concern are better reviewed for the whole preception toward intelligence technology. One of the big issue and also would have been applied in short time is losing a job. This happens because of self-driving cars will create **redundancy** in driving jobs. Beside that, the use of machine instead human skill will make **people become deskilled** and it turns will make people **lose their sense of purpose**. What is more than that is machines or robots potentially become distration if development process are not watched or analysed carefully until the end of stage of making those machines.

**In an epilogue**, while intelligence technology has advance human lives in many sectors and ways, we should not forget and thoughtless about the potential harm in the future.


# More story, more vocabulary
The news repot **portend** strom will happen in some areas. The dark **puffy** clouds in the distance portend a thunder storm. It would be a mistake to assume that they all portend disaster. Many belive that the recent **eclipses** portend some disaster. The corona virus portend some business in **jeopardy**. Ferdy sambo portend his carrier in jeopardy after killing Brigadir J. QR code are **more than just a way** to offer a contact free menu. When he reached her vehicle, he could hear her anguished sobs through the closed windows. Sofia's **anguished** scream was still **muffled**.

```
Give your opinion: <br>
People are too distraced by their phones.
```

# Speaking query
What is your job?<br>
Do you have to work with other people?<br>
Do you think you will change jobs in the future?<br>

# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* burgeoning adj.
* burgeon
* corresponding
## Play
* to downplay
* common ground
* Putting a downer on
* doom and gloom
* the butt of the joke
* to come across as fake
* no qualms
* minefield

<details><summary>games</summary>
Making yourself ...<br>
You don’t want ...<br>
I've got  ...  about admitting for your listeners’ benefit that you're  my English teaching guru.<br>
You don’t want to be one of those  ...  people.<br>
...  their joy.<br>
It’s  an etiquette ...<br>
You don’t want  ...  any of the good stuff.<br>
You find a  ...  (with other parents)<br>
</details>

* innate
* discrepancy/ disparity
* anatomical/distiction
* cognition
* prowess/aptitude
* adolescence
* verbal (ability)
* on a par (with)
* discrimated (againts)

* at the same level as
* treated unfairly
* difference
* teenage years
* inborn
* (ability with) words
* physical difference
* the ability to think and understand
* ability

* A key aspect of X is ...
* X is of interest because ...
* X is a classic problem in ...
* X is a central concept in ...
* A primary concern of X is ...
* X is a dominant feature of ...
* X is a fundamental property of ...
* Xs are the most widely investigated ...
* Studies on X represent a growing field.
* X is an increasingly important area in...
