---
title: "Task 2022-08-18"
date: "2022-08-18"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
<details><summary>plan</summary>
Topic : concern about artificial intelligence.
Short term: unemployment, workers are replaced by machine.
example: self driving vehicles will replace many driving jobs.
medium term: people become deskilled, lose their sense of purpose.
long term: computers may begin to make their own decision.
</details>

On the other hand, <span style="background-color:#FFF000"> it is forecast that artificial intelligence have potential danger to society if we do not address it from beginning.</span> In the short time, an increasing unemployment will rise unexpectedly. As a result of workers replaced by machine or software programs./ For instance, undirectly/indirectly self driving cars would have been causing *redundancies/redundancy* in driving jobs.

On the other hand, it is forecast that artificial intelligence have potential danger to society if we do not address it from beginning. In the short time, an increasing unemployment will rise unexpectedly. In short time, it is likely unemployment will rise as workers replace by machine or software programs in various industries. For example, self-driving vehichle/vehicle are expected to cause redundancies in driving jobs./ The redundancies in driving jobs/ There will be redundancies in driving jobs as a result of automation driving vehicles./ For example, automation diriving/driving vehicles <span style="background-color:#FFF000">are belived/believed</span> to make workers become redundant in various industries./ In medium term, <span style="background-color:#39FF14">the longer unemployment people would become, *the more deskilled they would become. </span>. Moreover, people will in fact **lose their sense of purpose** in life. It is possible that this kind of technology can have greater authority over people in longer term.

In sum, alhtough/although machine of artificial will surely enhance people's lives all over the world, it can't be denied that <span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">it would bring a potential danger if one was not careful.</span>

Artificial intelligence have been known for some people about its contribution to lives. Aritificial/artificial intelligence have been recieved/received a good rating overally/overall regarding its contribution to people's lives. However, some people may doubt it because of it may create in near future.

<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">Most of people/ most people</span> have felt the contribution or positive impact of intelligence in different industry./ Intelligence technology have brought some benefit for some people. Machines clearly are able to do better job than human can do. It is clearly due to the invented machines that can do better job than human itself. For example, many hospitals depend on high technology with precise job to conduct surgical procedures./ For example, doctors in many hospitals are counting on high-tech machines to conduct surgical procedures precisely. Car production also gradually shit to **autonomous** driving vehicle to attract more customers <span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">nowadays.</span> Customers seem to fan this kind of vehicle, these example obviously as a result of...

For example, the existence of medical tools that can carry surgical procedures with greater precision than human doctor and the production of autonomous car has increased for several decade to fulfill customers' demand. / These trends are believed/believed to enhance the lives of people by reducing the possibility of human errors.

For example, human doctors now are counting on the develop medical tools that can automatically and precisely accomplish surgical procedures, and autonomous vehicle have become more and more popular as it ease people to get from point a to point b. Such technologies/ All of these technologies are expected to improve safety by reducing human errors. Furthermore it's most likely can tremendously enhance people's lives.

# More story, more vocabulary

<details><summary>flash</summary>
Paraphrase this:
The company’s profits were higher this year than last year.
Sample answers:
* This year, the company's profits have gone up.
* There was an increase in the firm's net earnings this year compared to last year.
</details>

The company's profit were higher this year than last year. The revenue of company ramp up in this year than last year. This year, the company's profit have gone up. There was an increasing in firm's net earning this year compared to the last year.

# Speaking
<details><summary>sum</summary>
What are you studying at the moment?
What do you like most about your studies?
What do you hope to do in the future when you have finished?
</details>

# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* come up with ..
* turn them into
* bring sth to life
* feeling my way through..,
* working it out as go along,
* went straight over so head
* know-how
* built up
* go into
* go through
* sporadically
* cognitive impairment
* agitate
