---
title: "Task 2022-08-19"
date: "2022-08-19"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
The increasing intelligence of technology has left people to be either optimistic or pesimistic about its future impacts. Personally, I would have described myself as supporter of the development of this kind of technology.

<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">It is arguably there are two opposing views either thrilled or anxious about the future impact of ...</span>

<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">It is arguably that people are divided by views either thrilled or anxious about the future impact of technology. Both views are understandable...</span>

<span style="background-color:#FFCCCB">The increasing of technology obviously bring two opposing views for society. I can understand both views, personally, I ...</span>

There are two views regarding the development of intelligence of technology, which are exited and doubt. Personally, I am both excited about its development and pesimistic about the potential danger it may occurs.

People seem to be either delighted or apprehensive. <br> People seem to be eager or doubt about the future impact of artificial intelligence.<br> Intelligence of technology has increased these days. Because of that people sound like either passionate or uncertainty about its increasing development.

The increasing intelligence technology has influenced people's behavior about its impact. Some find it exciting, others find it depressing.<br>
People these days have two opposing views, which are fascinated or apprehensive about the future of artificial technology. In my opinion, while it is understandable this technology is delighting in some way, sometimes we find it has many drawbacks.

In my personal views, both statements are valid however people would...

# More story, more vocabulary

# Speaking query

What is your job?<br>
Do you have to work with other people?<br>
Do you think you will change jobs in the future?<br>




# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* jeopardy
* portend
* excited
* agitated
* annoyed
* delighted
* eager
* enthusiastic
* worried
* anguished
* apprehensive
* concern
* doubt
* misery
