---
title: "Task 2022-08-30"
date: "2022-08-30"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Ielts prompts
Instrument of music could offer some obvious benefit if someone learn it as early as possible. The main benefit is joy that come from playing musical instrument such as guitar, electronic keyboard, woodwing/woodwind or perhaps percussion. Such enjoyment can be even more intentse/intense when playing it together in a band or perhaps in a full orchestra. A second key reason to learning musical instrument is habitual practice requires discipline and patience. Daily piano lesson, for example, can include repetition of musical phrase and gradual mastery of full song.<br>
It would be easy to make learning music compulsory in school. I believe it should be done in primary school age, when children are most receptive learning new skills. With a little funding, governement/government can invest/ with a relativly/relatively small amount of funding, governemtn could help schools to buy a musical instrument for every child.


# More story, more vocabulary
The younger people learn musical instrument, the more skills people would have.<br>
More : adj. / the more stressed you will be. <br>
More : noun / the more things you can buy. <br>
More : the less I see him, the more I like him. <br>

*Give a reason: Many people dislike their jobs.*
The reason is stressed that is given by their emplyer/employer and work load daily.
Workers, mostly, went off their jobs.

Job is not always liked by all workers. The main reason is daunting that comes from deliberately accomplish task every single day. Such task can even more intense when employee should work over time until in the middle of night.

# Speaking query
<details><summary>What do you like to do in your free time?</summary>
I do quite a lot of sport actually. I play football mostly - on Wednesday nights and Sunday afternoon with a local team. I also play tennis and squash when I can but I don't really get the time to do them as well every week. I work quite hard at the moment, so I don't get a lot of free time unfortunately.
</details>

<details><summary>Have your leisure activities changed since you were a child?</summary>
Not a great deal actually. I used to love playing football when I was young as well - I played a lot at school. Though of course I did all the other things kids loved to do such as going out on bike rides after school and things.
</details>

<details><summary>Do you prefer to spend your free time alone or with other people?</summary>
It depends on my mood really. I think most people need some time on their own. Sometimes my work is quite stressful and I spend a lot of time there with others, so it's good to just get home and relax and read a book or something. But I get bored if I am alone too much so I like to go out and meet friends in the evening or play football.
</details>

# Vocabulary to use
Here's a list of the 'less common' collocations and phrases:
* employee
* employer
* acquaintance
* collegue/colleague
* intense relief
* incredulous
* overcoat
* bent back over his book
* he pointed to me as if he were the host.
* windowsill/windowsills
