---
title: "LOI YTB Sample"
date: "2023-01-16"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "beasiswa"
tags:
- beasiswa
---

In the future with my experience, I want to strengthen the relationship betwen Turkiye and Indonesia by estabilishing kindgarden in my homethown that teaches Turkiye language early to children, and international based education system by still prioritising local culture values of surrounding communitity. Born in remote areas with limited access made me have the spirit to study harder that I could benefit for my hometown.

I am bachelor of education for early childhood education teacher, besides achievement in academic field, I am also active attending various training, organization, volunters and also international student exchange related to childhood education during college. Located between two continent makes Turkiye very unique compared to other countries in the world. As country with muslim majority will also makes me comfortable to be in the land of this usmany. The reason for me to choose turkiye is because of it is very fast progress at the end of this every sector, included in education field. The education system in Turkiye is already equivalent with the countries in Europe, student in turkiye have the chance to take part in student exchange program to europe(erasmus). Based on ISI web sains index statistic, Turkiye always in the top 20 world ranking for it is scientific journal publication. The govenment of turkiye has opened the door as wide as possible to foreign student more thatn 155 countries also make me possible to meet many people from all over the world.
Kindgarden education system is also very good, the children are gaught about dicipline values, confidence, and love the homeland early. Based on my observation, there are dozens of kindgardent teachers in Turkiye who have instagram account and share their learning activites through those account. This thing indicate turkiye opennes with education system. The teacher also admit that they share those activities purposely to give inspiration to all teacher all over the world. This because the prof that kindgardenn's teacher in turkiye are also very high quality, in term of pedadogy, creativity, technology, usage, learning, acitivty planning and openness to the outside world. This things is very interesting for me to be able to learn from them directly in turkiye.
