---
title: "Perment feb 17"
date: "2023-02-17"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "beasiswa"
tags:
- beasiswa
---
### Motivations with which you apply for this program
### What has motivated you to pursue a graduate degree? Why are you interested in your major?
Growing in small city was a wonderful gift. It was free of congestion, environmental pollution and overpopulation. Parepare is a small city where I was raised by my parents with three little sibling. Even though a small city, this city was where the third president of Indonesia, BJ Habibie, was born.
Moreover, it owns uncomparable attraction itself because it is bordering straight to the coast and highland.

Beside its natural attraction, the city today has new facilitation that potentially become a primary support of urban residents' activities.
Up to this point, a new train transportation moda that connects to the capital city of south sulawesi has just launched recently.
And also, it has just rejuvenated its soccer stadium that has been used by local soccer club for the primary Indonesian's soccer league.
This development, certainly, is not only beneficial to the local residents but also attracts outsider which leave urbanization issues to the city.

According to Central Bureau of Statistic, Parepare has shown an increase of population from the year 2019 amounts to 5\% in 2021. This data has been supported by some developments that has occured over course of years particularly in outskirts of Parepare. For example, the housing's developments are widely constructed in certain spot of city's outskirts rapidly. And also dozen of public space or building constructions have been took place in the city's centre.

Improving the quality of architectural education in my hometown is the best respond towards the urbanization issue.
This issue is like a double-edge sword. In the one hand, it can drives the city to a successful development in many sectors such as an economic growth. In the other hand, it can also probably bring deteriorated impacts such as squatter developments and terrible planning of the city. The knowledge from architectural education hopefully will be used by some policy makers, developers, and even architects to address those impacts practically and accurately.

University is a great place to attain or elaborate the knowledge of architecture, specifically the department of architecture or city planning. However, Parepare is still lack of univeristy which provide architectural related program. So far, there is only one department available which in Muhammadiyah Parepare Univeristy, namely City and Regional Planning.  My dream is to make architecture education  available in the Muhammadiyah Parepare Univeristy.

---

### Extracurricular activities such as club activities, community service activities or work experiences
### pengalaman terkait / prestasi terkait

When I was in high school, I was active on school organizations, especially PMR (youth red cross). At the time, we managed some organization events. The most impressive events were first, the time we were organizing blood donor in the school that was attended by few of students and teachers. Second, when we were arranging trainings for potential members for example, the first aid, the use of general medical equipment, and SAR (search and rescue) training.

In a college, I was involved in architecture student organization outside campus named PAMIY. At the moment, we arranged few events which involved students from different Yogyakarta university. First, we were designing and constructing a small library for village's small mosque in the Parangritis village, Yogyakarta. Second, we developed a number of sport and art competitions among architecture students of Yogyakarta. Beside organization's activity, I have been an assistant lecture for the course of DED (detail engineering drawing). I aid students to apply the theory that was just explained. Sometimes, there were  students who need furhter counseling, therefore I usually took the time to teach them extensively in order to catch up with other peers.

When I was in a postgraduate, I was particularly active on writing's activity than involve in organization. The reason was that the occurrence of virus which had hindered most of usual activities. Nevertheless, it allowed me to earn 4.00 point of GPA and graduated with high honors. Besides, I could also publish an article in reputated national journal. All my writings including my thesis is all about public space which I always concern about because it relates to the human's live including social, health, and even wellbeing.

In semester 3 of my master's degree, I had a chance to work in school renovation projects while I was developing my proposal thesis. This renovation demanded for an addition of a inclusive design and a garden. Thus, as one of drafters, I was supposed to create designs for a ramp and a garden in front of classes as requested in location survey early in the beginning of project. %give some conclusion

By the time I graduated from Diponegoro University, a few months later I was appointed as permanent lecture in Muhammadiyah University of Parepare.
This university had just openned a department of the city and regional planning which needed potential members of lectures to run it.
I have been trusted to deliver lectures in three subjects in this year terms, although it has not been too active because of little enthusiasts of the course.
Therefore, in meantime, I also put an effort in promoting this department to propective students with social media and any other platform.
In additon to lecturing, I have attended two days scientific writing workshop that would increase the writing skill of fresh lecturers. In this workshop, I had offered a proposal with my lecturer coworker for hoping my proposed research would be funded.
