---
title: "Task 2023-03-18"
date: "2023-03-18"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# speaking part 3

- What technology or equipment is used in most workplaces nowadays?
<details><summary>sum</summary>
In most workplaces people use equipment such as computers, phones, printers, fac machines and photocopiers. I think the computer is probably the most essential piece of equipment because we rely on it for almost everything: communicating by email, writing reports, organising data, and finding information on the internet.
</details>

- Does technology help workers or make their lives more difficult?
<details><summary>sum</summary>
Technology definitely helps workers because it makes many tasks so much easier. For example, email is such a useful tool for communication between employees in different offices, or even in diffeent countries. On the other hand, technology can make life more difficult, especially when it goes wrong. It causes a lot of stress when the Internet is dow or a computer crashes.
</details>

- What effect does new technology have on employment?
<details><summary>sum</summary>
I think technology is often responsible for people losing their jobs. Machines have replaced people in areas like manufacturing and agriculture, and whenever a new technology is introduced, there are redundancies. At the same time, jobs might be created thanks to a new technology; for example, there would be no computer programmers if the computer hadn't invented.
</details>

<iframe width="300" height="60" src="https://vocaroo.com/embed/1oDELdSGk1ag?autoplay=0" frameborder="1"></iframe>
