---
title: "Task 2023-03-16"
date: "2023-03-16"
image: ../images/howl650.jpg
keywords: "english"
tags:
- english test
---
# Writing task introduction and conclusion technique 0316

> In many cities the use of video cameras in public places is being increased in order to reduce crime, but some people believe that these measures restrict our individual freedom.
> Do the benefits of increased security outweigh the drawbacks?

It is true that video surveillance has become commonplace in many cities in recent years. While I understand that critics may see this as an invasion of privacy, I believe that there are more benefits than drawbacks.

In conclusion, I would argue that the advantages of using video security system in public places do outweigh the disadvantages.


> Families who send their children to private schools should not be required to pay taxes that support the state education system.

> To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

Some people believe that parents of children who attend private schools should not need to contribute to state schools through taxes. Personally, I completely disagree with this view.

In conclusion, I do not believe that any financial concession should be made for people who choose private edication.

>In the developed world, average life expectancy is increasing.
>What problems will this cause for individuals and society? Suggest some measures that could be taken to reduce the impact of ageing populations.

It is true that people in industrialised nations can expect to live longer than ever before. Although there will undoubtedly be some negative consequences of this trend, societies can take steps to mitigate these potential problems.

In conclusion, various measures can be taken to tackle the problems that are certain to arise as the populations of countries grow older.

>There are many different types of music in the world today. Why do we need music? Is the traditional music of a country more important than the international music that is heard everywhere nowadays?
It is true that a rich variety of musical styles can be found around the world. Music is a vital part of all human cultures for a range of reasons, and I would argue that traditional music is more important than modern international music.

In conclusion, music is a necessary part of human existence, and I believe that traditional music should be given more importance than international music.


>Many high street shops have gone out of business in recent years. Why do you think this has happened? Is it a positive or negative development?
It is true that there is a decline of business in physcal stores these days. Frankly, this coincide with the rising of online stores' popularity. I would argue this trend will offer some benefits, but it also has many disadvantages.
In conclusion, Although, The decline of sells in brick-and-mortar stores is the consequence of emergence of online stores. I would argue, there are positive and negative of the trends.
